Update index.md Customer.io troubleshooting filters (#5290)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/customer-io/index.md

### No Events in Customer.io from the Browser
Remember that before Segment can send events to Customer.io from client-side JavaScript, the current user must identify with their `userId`. The user's email address is only used to identify them if that is the ID on record for them in Customer.io.

> Verify that your Customer.io workspace does not have any filters configured, as these filters could prevent campaigns from being triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that your Customer.io workspace doesn't have any filters configured, as these filters could prevent campaigns from triggering.
```
